There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that
you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for
real! Dream what you want to dream;go where you want to go;be
what you want to be,because you have only one life and one chance
to do all the things you want to do.

May you have enough happiness to make you sweet,enough trials
to make you strong,enough sorrow to keep you human,enough
hope to make you happy? Always put yourself in others’shoes.If
you feel that it hurts you,it probably hurts the other person, too.

The happiest of people don’t necessarily have the best of
everything;they just make the most of everything that comes along
their way.Happiness lies for those who cry,those who hurt, those
who have searched,and those who have tried,for only they can
appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives.
Love begins with a smile,grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.
The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past, you
can’t go on well in lifeuntil you let go of your past failures and
heartaches.

When you were born,you were crying and everyone around you
was smiling.Live your life so that when you die,you're the one who
is smiling and everyone around you is crying.

Please send this message to those people who mean something to
you,to those who have touched your life in one way or another,to
those who make you smile when you really need it,to those that
make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down,
to those who you want to let them know that you appreciate their
friendship.And if you don’t, don’t worry,nothing bad will happen
to you,you will just miss out on the opportunity to brighten
someone’s day with this message.


My Favourite Book
I like reading,so I love many different kinds of books very much,
because they not only broaden my horizons but also give me
inspiration.
Up to now I have read a lot of books,for example,magazines,novels
and storybooks and so on.But one of the books that I like best is My
Life Story.It was created by an American writer-Helen Keller
in 1902.She was a blind, deaf and dumb person.
In the book,she wrote that she had not been able to see,
hear or speak since the age of one year and seven months.This 
unusual thing made her very sad.When she was seven years old,she 
knew Miss Sullivan, her good teacher.Helen was getting 
happier every day.Then,Miss Sullivan helped her learn how to write 
English words.At first,Miss Sullivan wrote some words on Helen's 
hands with her own fingers again and again.Helen was a very 
diligent girl.Because of this,she tried as much as possible to 
remember words.After that,she wrote and published many 
famous works.My Life Story is one of them.
My Life Story described her hard struggle to become an outstanding
writer and educationist of the world.
It shows us a universal truth："Nothing is difficult if you put 
your heart into it!"This is why I like it best.What about you?
Mid Autumn Day is an autumn festive in China.It comes in 
September or October.On that day,families eat a big dinner, they 
also eat mooncakes somesmall round cakes with nuts meat or eggs 
in them.
The moon looks briter and rounder on that day .Chinese people 
often talk about their families and
tell the story of Chang e.It is like the Thanksgiving day in American.

the fish in the water is silent, the animal on the earth is noisy,
the bird in the air is singing.
but man has in him the silence of the sea, the noise of the earth and
the music of the air.

take my wine in my own cup, friend.
it loses its wreath of foam when poured into that of others.

do not linger to gather flowers to keep them, but walk on,
for flowers will keep themselves blooming all your way.

Keep calm at least

When you had fallen to the bottom of your life, every people around 
you would tell you: Be hard-bitten and be happy!To be hard-bitten 
would be necessary, but be happy? Even in that serious occation? 
That would be hard for you, after all, who could keep happy while he 
were head-broken and bleeding.But you should at least keep calm, 
calmly facing and calmly treating.But you should at least keep calm, 
calmly facing and calmly treating.If you have obtained the calmness, 
without happy and without unhappy, you then have possessed the 
power for rebirth.

Acres of Diamonds

There was a farmer in Africa who was happy and content. He was 
happy because he was content. He was content because he was 
happy.

One day a wise man came to him and told him about the glory of 
diamonds and the power that goes along them.

The wise man says, “If you had a diamond the size of your thumb, 
you could have your own city. If you had a diamond the size of your 
fist you could probably own your own country.” And then he went 
away.

That night the farmer couldn't sleep. He was unhappy and he was 
discontent. He was unhappy because he was discontent, and he was 
discontent because he was unhappy.

The next morning he made arrangements to sell off his farm, took 
care of his family and went in search of diamonds. He looked all over 
Africa and couldn't find any. He looked all through Europe and 
couldn’t find any. When he got to Spain, he was emotionally, 
physically and financially broke. He got so disheartened that he 
threw himself into the Barcelona River and committed suicide.

Back home, the person who had bought his farm was watering the 
camels at a stream that ran through the farm. Across the stream, the 
rays of the morning sun hit a stone and made it sparkle like a rainbow.

He thought it would look good on the mantelpiece. He picked up 
the stone and put it in the living room. That afternoon the wise man 
came and saw the stone sparkling. He asked, "Is Hafiz back?"

The new owner said, "No, why do you ask?" The wise man said, 
"Because that is a diamond. I recognize one when I see one." The 
man said, "No, that's just a stone I picked up from the stream. Come, 
I'll show you. There are many more.' They went and picked some 
samples and sent them for analysis. Sure enough, the stones were 
diamonds. They found that the farm was indeed covered with acres 
and acres of diamonds.